Why are you unhappy to see me?
This is the police here, right?
I took his money to take him home
ask
Do you know why I advised you to pass it at that time?
Di
Baby, you're back.
Well, my mother also taught me to write today. Hmm
Does Xiao Di know?
Little dad secretly bought a gift for you last night
It's in the bedroom drawer
Uh-huh.
Haha, you just pet her too much. It's a small matter.
What to write?
Baby
You can take Xiaodi back to China.
I came to the hospital.
Di is almost there.
Go back to see if there is any chance
Just in time, you can bring Xiao Di
Go for this quick
ever
You won't give up until you go back and see it with your own eyes
He won't wait for you in place for 7 years
Why NetEase?
It's too late to deliver
Long time no see.
Accounting Zhou, I'm here to pick me up, I'm going home
Brother Xiao, why did you suddenly return to China?
Are you done with the company?
Not yet.
Because you are more important than them
Evening or
You move into my place and live with me
In this way, it is also convenient for me to take care of you and Xiaodi.
I'm fine now, don't bother
Brother Xiao
If your company's affairs are dealt with
Let's go get the divorce certificate sometime
Although we are faking marriage
But I'm sorry.
Let me take this. Hello?
Brother Xiao, go to the hospital
Ding fainted